FAQs
Skip to content
Menu	
Home
What is a 10 Minute Novelist?
The Facebook Group
Contact
Blog
Registration
Speakers
Schedule
Accomodations
FAQs
Sponsors
The Planning Committee
FAQs
When will this conference be held? August 9-11 2018 (Thursday-Saturday) at the Embassy Suites in Covington, KY, which is right across the river from Cincinnati, OH. You may want to plan your stay to include a Saturday night stay as we will have events well into the night on August 11th.
How can I register? You may purchase your tickets at our Eventbrite site here.
How do I book hotel rooms? This link will take you directly to the Embassy Suites page. Or you can call them 859.655.4664.
Can I share a room with another writer who attends? Yes. Two conference ticket holders can share one room. However, arrangements are the responsibility of the attendants.
Can I drive to the conference? Yes, you may drive to 10MINCON. Parking is available for Embassy Suites guests at the hotel.
Do I need to rent a car when I arrive? The hotel has a free shuttle service from the airport, so renting a car isn’t necessary. All of our events will be held at the Embassy Suites and many restaurants and attractions are within walking distance.
The event says, “Covington, Kentucky” yet you say, “Cincinnati, Ohio” which is it? Covington, KY is a part of the greater Cincinnati metro area. If you fly in, you will technically land in Covington. The Embassy Suites hotel is in Covington, which is right across the Ohio River from Cincinnati.
Is this a casual event? As you pack, consider that you will be making first impressions with group members, speakers, and agents. You can’t go wrong with business casual.
Can I bring my spouse? Spouses are welcome! But if they want to attend the sessions, they must purchase a conference ticket. Many restaurants and attractions are close by and there is plenty to do if they’d prefer to explore the greater Cincinnati area.
Can I bring my kids? Children are welcome, but there will not be childcare available. Unless you have nursing infants, please make other arrangements for your children during the sessions.
Do I have to stay in the Embassy Suites? The Embassy Suites offered us a fantastic deal on hosting the conference on the proviso that we met a booking requirement. The conference ticket price reflects this. Their discounted room rate includes free breakfast and a complimentary cocktail hour, and remember, two ticket holders can share a room.
Can I bring my pets? Pets are not allowed at The Embassy Suite. Service animals are allowed.
Can I have a vendor table to sell my books? We have a limited number of vending tables available for 10 Minute Novelists to sell their books. For the entire two days, you can set up shop. Each table is $60 and there’s room for you and a friend (or two) to share the space. We’ll also give you a chance to present in front of all of us. Contact us for more details.
What kinds of workshops will be offered? We had so many great ideas for this conference that we simply couldn’t squeeze workshops in. When we discovered that Donald Maass, Janet Hardy, and James Scott Bell not only were available but could fill our entire weekend, we jumped at the chance! Come learn from them with us!
I’d like to buy an audio recording of the speakers. Can I do that? We’re finalizing the details of this right now! Information about this will be posted as soon as possible.
What is there to do in the area? The Embassy Suites is located in Covington, a historic neighborhood overlooking the Ohio River and downtown Cincinnati. Two major sports stadiums within walking distance of the hotel. Downtown Cincinnati is a short trolley ride away. You can also enjoy a leisurely cruise along the river marveling at the picturesque Cincinnati skyline. The two entertainment hubs, Newport on the Levee or Cincinnati’s Banks, offer a vibrant mix of restaurants, boutiques and comedy clubs, just minutes from the hotel. Also, the Cincinnati Zoo, Newport Aquarium, and Creation Museum are nearby.
What meals will be included? A full complimentary breakfast is available, cooked to order, provided you are staying at the Embassy Suites. There is a boxed lunch available for each day of the conference and a visible snack table included in the ticket price. All other meals are the responsibility of the attendee(s).
Where are some good restaurants nearby? Area restaurants are listed on the Embassy’s website.
I have unique dietary needs. Can I request something specific? Victoria Miller will request specific needs from ticket holders, and the options will be communicated. Please get that information to us no later than August 1, 2018.
In what time zone is Cincinnati/Covington? Covington, KY, and Cincinnati, OH are on US Eastern Time. UTC -05:00.
About This Site
This site is run by the staff of volunteers for 10 Minute Novelists. Visit our website: www.10minutenovelists.com
Search
Search for:
Search
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email
Proudly powered by WordPress
